You told me to get out
Don't regret it, you don't know I hate you.
Don't want to see you at all?
I still regret why you didn't die?
You are so stupid
I don't know who I am to dare to do this to me
You'd be sorry if you knew.
Okay, stop talking so much nonsense and get out of here
How far to roll?
Then I'll go.
Remember not to beg me to come back
Who do you think you are?
I see you are against me and beg you
Very good, it will be indefinite later.
Dad, get back here
What's wrong dad
What's going on in your head?
How dare I cover you
My arrangement made the Qin family angry
Afraid of a toad
I get annoyed when I see him.
I don't want him to stay with me
What's wrong? Your wings are hard.
You don't even listen to me, do you?
I can listen to you about anything else.
But this is my life's work.
I have to make my own decisions
I don't care.
If you don't get your money back and stay with you
Then our women's relationship ends here
Do it yourself dad
Is what you said true?
Certainly.
OK
This is what you said.